Trend micro vision one updated 2 actions (#35695)
demisto/content: Packs/TrendMicroVisionOne/ReleaseNotes/4_1_3.md

#### Integrations

##### Trend Micro Vision One V3.

> - Added 2 arguments to existing commands to provide better customization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the **trendmicro-visionone-get-endpoint-activity-data** & **trendmicro-visionone-get-email-activity-data** commands with  2 new arguments (`fetch_all`, `fetch_max_count`) to provide better customization.
```
